All right let's do this.
Let's start the big four up.
So we're going to loop over all the rounds and in the range of course from zero.
Well this is a different value but let's Presider it anyway too.
And the total number of rounds.
So I remind that we're going to start first with 10000 but then we'll try with 1000 to see if it is
able to catch the best strategy.
Even with a much lower number of rounds.
All right.
So that's our big fall.
And then inside here we go.
We're going to repeat the steps.
But first of all before we repeat each of these three steps.
Well let's take care quickly.
The Ranum strategy you know we're going to select randomly and strategy then add it to our strategy
selected R S which is the list of the strategies selected at random then we'll get the reward that we
get from this random selection and then we'll update of course the total reward that is actually reward
from the random strategy.
So let's do that quickly and to specify that we are now dealing with the run strategy.
Well I'm going to put in a comment here random strategy.
All right.
And then later I'll put the same gunman with Thompson sampling.
So here we go.
Let's do this efficiently.
So first of all we have to indeed select randomly a strategy.
And so where are the strategies selected at random that call it strategy are s.
And we're going to get that by taking of course our random module that we import here which is not even
by non-Thai.
And from this module will get a random number from the range 0 to the right so 0 is the default value.
Basically rund range is a function that we call from the random Mudgal and that takes as input the lower
bound zero and the upper boundary and which will return a random integer between 0 and which is exactly
what we wanted to know.
We wanted to like run a strategy and since the strategies have indexes from 0 to 8 Well this will return
exactly random strategy.
And then we're going to append this to our strategy selected our s list.
That's why I'm copying this.
I am basing that here and now we're going to use this trick.
Remember we add that append to append exactly the random strategy which is selected randomly.
All right so I'm copying this and adding that in the append function and this will happen.
Our first strategy selected randomly in our whole list of strategies selected from the run and strategy.
OK.
So here we go.
Now we can get the word because since we selected a strategy Well we don't know exactly.
Thanks to our simulation here that we created.
If we're going to get to zero and one word and actually let's execute that again because previously
we had this example I want to show you so I'm executing that again.
And now let me show you what's going to happen in varry will explore here is X our matrix of words.
Here we go again our matrix of word which contains the simulation.
So right now what we just did is selected a random strategy at each round.
So let's say for example that we are in the first round that is corresponding to a first customer connecting
to the online retail website.
And let's say that for example the Ranum strategy selected is strategy.
Number three there is an index too.
And so for this specific round corresponding to that specific row and for this specific randomly selected
Dragic respond to that specific column while we get a zero here in the cell which means that the customer
that connects here won't subscribe to the premium plan as we deploy.
Strategy number two.
The there were only zeroes here so we would automatically get as you want and then Same for customer
number two on the 00.
So wherever the Ranum strategy we select for example this one the customer won't subscribe.
But then for example let's imagine that customer number three you know they're connecting one after
the other but customer number three and let's say we're very lucky and we select randomly the strategy
of index 7 that is the eighth strategy.
Well according to our simulation customer number three is very attracted to the strategy.
Number seven we deploy and therefore this customer will subscribe to the premium plan because we get
a one here.
And so right now what do we have to do.
Well since we are in the specific round you know in the for loop and we selected a specific strategy
corresponding to specific Culham well to get the reward for that specific selected strategy deployed
on that specific customer.
Well we just need to get the sale of this rope around and this column that is the strategy selected
and therefore what we have to do now to get you know to collect the strategy is to first introduce a
new Orwoll which we're going to call reward r s because it's the reward received by the Ranum strategy.
And so to get it we can get our matrix of rewards X and we're going to get the round we are encouraged
into that specific customer we are dealing with which is around and because we are in a specific round
in the loop corresponding to end here.
So that's for the row and then for the column well that corresponds to the strategy that was selected
it is the index of the strategy that was selected which is the exact same index the column we need to
get right now.
So strategy on this core are s and here we go.
We just received the reward.
All right.
Perfect.
And now one last final step before we are done with this random strategy it's of course to update the
total reward accumulated with this random strategy here are as because in the end want to compute the
absolute return and the relative return that is how much more revenues we earn with Tompson sampling
with respect to this random strategy.
So let's get this let's update this variable and update it.
Well we simply need to increment it or add to it the reward which is obtained by selecting this strategy
randomly.
All right.
And the other trick to this is just to do this Leydet right as you want.
Feel free to choose your preferred syntax.
All right perfect.
So we're done with the Ranum strategy and now we're going to tackle the real deal of this part.
That is the Tompson sampling algorithm.
Let's do that in the next tutorial.
And until then enjoy AI.